Clarify the credits section (#22)
coderefinery/2022-03-22-workshop: content/_index.md

Type 1 Consortium for Interactive HPC (DK), and
[USIT, UiO](https://www.usit.uio.no/) (NO).

> ## Certificates and Credits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Certificates and credits
```

> CodeRefinery does not offer certificates for completing workshop.
> However, certain partners may, see above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently cannot offer attendance certificates or certificates for completing the workshop.

The reason why we cannot offer these is that for an online workshop of this size
it is difficult to track online attendance without compromising privacy and without putting too much
administrative strain on exercise group leaders.

However, certain partners may track attendance and provide certificates for their participants, see above.
```
